README.md, before:

![Greenbone Logo](https://www.greenbone.net/wp-content/uploads/gb_logo_resilience_horizontal.png)
# Greenbone UI-Components

The Greenbone UI-Components are developed for the [Greenbone Security Assistant](https://github.com/greenbone/gsa).

## Usage

`npm install @greenbone/ui-components`

## Installation

Use `npm i` to install the dependencies.

Use `npm run start` to start the development project.

Use `npm run test` to run the jest tests.

Use `npm run build` to create a production build.

## Maintainer

This project is maintained by [Greenbone Networks GmbH][Greenbone Networks]

## Contributing

Your contributions are highly appreciated. Please
[create a pull request](https://github.com/greenbone/ui-components/pulls)
on GitHub. Bigger changes need to be discussed with the development team via the
[issues section at GitHub](https://github.com/greenbone/ui-components/issues)
first.

## License

Copyright (C) 2020 [Greenbone Networks GmbH][Greenbone Networks]

Licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 or later](LICENSE).

[Greenbone Networks]: https://www.greenbone.net/

Commit message:

Use yarn instead of npm in README

README.md, after:

![Greenbone Logo](https://www.greenbone.net/wp-content/uploads/gb_logo_resilience_horizontal.png)
# Greenbone UI-Components

The Greenbone UI-Components are developed for the [Greenbone Security Assistant](https://github.com/greenbone/gsa).

## Usage

`npm install @greenbone/ui-components`
or
`yarn add @greenbone/ui-components`

## Installation

Use `yarn` to install the dependencies.

Use `yarn start` to start the development project.

Use `yarn test` to run the jest tests.

Use `yarn build` to create a production build.

## Maintainer

This project is maintained by [Greenbone Networks GmbH][Greenbone Networks]

## Contributing

Your contributions are highly appreciated. Please
[create a pull request](https://github.com/greenbone/ui-components/pulls)
on GitHub. Bigger changes need to be discussed with the development team via the
[issues section at GitHub](https://github.com/greenbone/ui-components/issues)
first.

## License

Copyright (C) 2020 [Greenbone Networks GmbH][Greenbone Networks]

Licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 or later](LICENSE).

[Greenbone Networks]: https://www.greenbone.net/
